how to find and close deals using B2B
buying
[Music]
signals welcome back to fresh episode of
Breaking bb.com I'm your host Sam
Dunning and if you want to join
thousands of Legends enjoying past
podcast episodes or to try out our daily
B2B marketing TI tips email now head
over to Breaking bb.com so today I'm
joined by Shri swam Nathan sh is the CEO
and co-founder over at factors AI we're
going to be diving into what the heck
are buying signals when it comes to B2B
and what is signal based selling we
talking about some of the signals that
you as a B2B operator should be looking
out for how you can work those into
actually deals and speed up your
pipeline some of the problems you might
face and a bit of a step five steps so
with that sh welcome to the show how are
you doing hi Hi Sam doing very very well
and thanks for the great introduction
how you well good man looking forward to
it so let's dive in as we always do
first and foremost what is a buying
signal and what does signal-based
selling actually mean well thanks a lot
for asking that and it's let's look at
it from
a to be buying Journey right uh one
nobody buys B2B in a kind of just say
let's say how you buy a b2c product it's
not something like a single person
dision there are multiple people
involved in that dision it's not bought
instantly or on an Impulse it's like
happens over multiple days whether
you're buying a CRM or whether you're
buying a marketing automation tool or
even a scheduling product or a account
intelligence product or an ABM product
it's never like one person buying it and
over just one day when you discover it
and buy it and lastly it's also
something where like the whole deal
process takes multiple months in terms
of like over a period of time and there
is a stages and then there is expansion
and there is a lot of Discovery there
are multiple review sites and other this
thing and what B2B buying signals
basically means is like ability to bring
together all the signals which matter
for a B2B buyer Prospect journey and
then taking actions around them so these
signals can be one top of the funnel
whether it's on Google ads or LinkedIn
ads or any other AD channels it can be
organic signals where like which are the
users coming from organic buttons or
into your content Etc it can be from
people coming in from your social posts
second it can come into buying signals
can be in the website whether like who
are the ones who are looking at your
pricing page who are the ones which are
looking at your let's say your uh case
studies who are the ones who are looking
at your Solutions page or your product
features page or log change logs which
are there and lastly who are the ones
which are opening up your emails which
are who are the ones who are replying to
your emails which is more more of the
marketing automation activity and and
finally in your CRM in terms of like
what are the stage of the deals is it
already in an ABM list is it in a
prospect list is it in a close loss list
it is in a kind of like a mql stage list
which is there that's these are the
buying signals across the board and this
what I'm talking is just the first party
data then comes the second party data
like capara reviews trust radius reviews
G2 review data which is there and then
finally the third party data which is
some kind of like what is the intent
data outside which is there like bambora
and other this thing so B2B buying
signals is data across all these areas
whether right from third party to second
party to the first party across over a
period of time across over multiple
users from a same company interacting
with you or your uh website or your
emails Etc to make a decision to buy and
that's what it is all about appreciate
the breakdown let's dive a bit deeper
into first second and third party data
so you gave us quite a few examples on
the first party like it could be a
Google ad could be a LinkedIn ad organic
search someone checking out a blog post
sh out someone checking out a pricing
page email
open Etc um so that's all first party
second party were you saying it's like
G2 reviews and similar yeah G2 review
data which is where like it's a company
uh G2 is an external site but it hold
who uh your reviews and you can actually
subscribe to those reviews data or
intelligence data from G2 as well so G2
can also show about like which are the
companies which are looking at your
competitor Pages which are the companies
which are looking at the category grid
Pages which are the ones which have seen
your ads on G2 Etc that's Alternatives
or other the thing that's important data
as well got it and then third party was
bombora bombora is an intent data signal
which is there which is basically which
are the kind of companies which are
looking for specific keywords in third
party sites like Tech Target Etc so for
example like let's say someone is
evaluating factors. a how do they get to
evaluate one they might see us from a
kind of a competitor search keyword ad
or they might see us from a direct
website uh identification or high intent
keyword ad like customer Journey
analytics or attribution or specific
keywords which we bid on multitouch
attribution Etc or they might see us on
our LinkedIn ad where uh our team puts
up beautiful LinkedIn ads in terms of
the buyer Journey analytics and
intelligence and Signal based selling
which is there or they might see us on
an organic LinkedIn post where our team
continuously pulls or they may come to a
website through organic where they look
at a kind of a case study or ebook on
buyer Journeys or they would look at an
ebook on LinkedIn ads Etc and then they
might uh discover what our product does
as well because they come in organically
to a web page in a certain parts or they
might might also see us through one of
the cold outbound emails or other emails
which our teams would have sent so email
opens and other the same which is there
this is the first party data which is
there the second party data would be
like they would also go into G2 where
they would look at directly at factors.
a product page or they might look at any
of our competitor pages and end up
looking at us in some form or they might
be looking at the grid of customer
Journey analytics grid which has like at
least 55 companies which are there in
that grid so that they want to evaluate
like which companies are there and then
they come and look at us lastly they
would also might be looking at us in a
totally a third party website which is
like a tech Target or one of the medium
articles on like okay what does Aron
Journey analytics means what does the
ABM Analytics mean Etc that's also there
so all these signals all all these touch
points are signals that is like the good
part in B2B is nobody randomly checks
out these I mean for the life of me I
wouldn't ask anyone to just come
directly into my factors. website just
for the fun of it and saying I'm not
Twitter or Netflix but I am a B2B
company which solves for a very
particular problem for B2B marketers and
sales folks which is there when they
have a need they would surely come into
my website or when they have a need for
a product like that they'll surely check
out me on G2 or when they have a need
for something like that they would
either organically come into my website
or they would be shown some of the ads
which is there and we would be able to
track across all these things
crossable got it cool so that was going
to be my next question how can we
there's a lot to dissect there how can
we leverage all this data as B2B founder
B2B marketer to our
advantage and actually start producing
sales pipeline that could eventually
become demos booked calls
Revenue yeah that's where the analytics
comes what we do is we layer the data
one on top of the other so for example I
we map the entire Bier Journey right
from uh top of the funnel Google ads or
LinkedIn ads all the way up to the SI
which just we map and Stitch together
the entire buyer Journey data across the
board the first party level which is
there then we add the G2 data on top of
that and then we on top of that we also
add the third party intent data which is
also there if it comes from any of the
subscrib platforms which is there now
you have all the data one on top of the
other which is there now you can slice
and dice it which is for example if I am
a founder and as as part of my marketing
plan or my sales plan I would have a
list of accounts which is the top 150
accounts which are my must have accounts
as Acquisitions for this year which is
there and I would surface up to say that
we can Surface up like if any of these
companies either have seen our G2 page
or have come to my website pricing page
or have seen my LinkedIn ad or have are
looking for specific keywords around
account Journey analytics Etc that needs
to be hir highed that's one way to look
at for a Founder so when something like
that happens I immediately get a slack
alert to say that okay this company
which is part of your ABM Target list is
now visiting your pricing page do you
want to take any action item that's one
way to surface up the signal when
something like that happens as a B2B
marketer who my team aay is working on
it he would start getting lists around
like these are the list of companies
which I've looked at over the last three
months have looked at your pricing page
and G2 alternators page and have also
seen your LinkedIn app if you retar get
your campaigns to these companies the
higher chances of conversion are there
so that's something which the B2B
marketer would look at third is like
there' be a list for my sales team which
is sales executive which is there these
are the companies which are in your ABM
Prospect list which have also seen your
pricing page five times in the last two
weeks and they have also looked at a
competitor comparison page on your
website as well or a compor comparison
page or an alternative page on your G2
which means they are one have intent to
buy they are also looking for to a
product they also showing interest on
the pricing page they are brand aware
why don't you reach out to them either
over a cold email or cold call so that
you can convert them so this is how
whether as a Founder what kind of alerts
I would need versus as a marketer what
kind of lists which I need to retarget
or as a salesperson like which kind of
companies I need to send outb to all of
them come together based on these
signals nice so is this primarily useful
for companies that have a a list of top
accounts usually doing ABM IE like you
mentioned there top 50 accounts or there
other scenarios where it can be useful
too so fundamentally my belief around
ABM is amm is more than just a it's not
a tool it's definitely a strategy or a
philosophy where like every single B2B
company is doing AVM whether and any
company which is beyond product Market
fit where they are out out of the first
10 or 20 design Partners they have a
very clear list of companies they want
to reach out and this is what I call as
the signal addressable Market which is
there so you have a tam which is the
total addressable Market which can be
like any company which is there in your
IP it can be something like all SAS
companies which are more than 50
employees which are based in these set
of geographies and also have Salesforce
or HubSpot as CRM is the total
addressable Market that would be almost
like 50,000 companies which are there I
mean but you're not going to try to sell
to all 50,000 companies or try to Market
all 50,000 companies right but from that
list of 50,000 I have this list of
500 companies or 100 companies to which
I want to sell a product which is
$10,000 so thing so that I reach my
first million dollars which was there
and this is the kind of and within that
100 companies which I want to look at I
want to make sure that I reach out to
the companies which are already aware of
me in some form whether they have
visited my website or seen my ad or
aware of the category or the problem
which is where they have either looked
at a specific category the same category
on G2 or something or at least aware of
the problem where they have looked at
third party sites around this thing only
when these things come together it's
easy for me to sell to them otherwise
I'd be just trying to waste all my time
in and my energy into set of accounts
which are neither solution aware nor
brand aware nor have a need at any point
in time and that's more foremost thing
about the signal is like a company which
is looking at your pricing page is far
more High signal than a company which is
just looking at your about us page once
in every three
months yeah yeah yeah makes sense Les
you gave us some nice examples just now
so you said if you're a Founder you can
set up signals so if someone's actually
from your account list and maybe for
example checks out your pricing page
then you might want to what was it you
you said would be the best play in that
case so there are a couple of playbooks
which are once you have the signal there
are multiple playbooks which come into
action just something like once you know
you have the ball you can either uh kind
of throw it kick it or do what you want
with it but
as a Founder how it would uh identify
for me is scream at me is like for
example like this is a company which is
similar to two other of your existing
customers but they are a much larger
player in the market they also have the
same stack which you generally sell to
and they have been looking at your
pricing Pages couple of times and this
is a company which you want to have as
part of your ABM list which you want to
Market to and now they are in your
pricing page or some other thing once
suddenly as soon as this comes into
alert as a real-time alert for me one I
can immediately send a LinkedIn uh
connect or a LinkedIn inmail to the bio
personas in that account that's one
thing I can do second is I can automate
an email to them saying that hey sh here
founder at factors. I saw there was some
interest from your company on our
website uh this is what we do would you
be interested in having a more detailed
chat around this which just said third I
can also make sure that I push them into
a link L audience and show LinkedIn ads
to the key buyer personas within that
company it's not even if the person who
might have come would be one person
either in the marketing team or the
sales team which is there I want to make
sure that I talk to the entire buying
committee because that's when it's like
it's not it's never going to be one
person deciding it's the whole buying
committee I want to get in front of them
and then convert them so there are both
uh immediate uh connection or a say a
LinkedIn kind of activation workflow
which is there second there can always
be an email workflow or a cold call or a
cold email a cold call workflow which is
there third more importantly there can
also be a kind of a uh nice nudge
workflow with through Linkedin ads and
other points of view which can also
happen gotcha and then the marketing
example the marketing example is lot
more uh kind of detail oriented so
marketing is all marketers and
specifically B2B marketers in a
fundamental level they want to Target a
certain list of companies which have
certain properties and for each of those
companies with certain properties they
tweak the campaign they tweak the
messages they tweak the creatives which
is and even the channels on which they
do so for example a
company which has just seen a lending ad
but not taken any other action would be
a list of like these other companies
which are totally on top of the funnel
and they have also been on my just my
LinkedIn ad nothing more than that
they've just seen my once or couple of
times in the thing let me take that list
of of companies and then do another
retargeting campaign to them saying that
hey this is something which is the new
things which have happened to me that's
one update which is there second is for
a company where they can say like has
seen our LinkedIn has also been to a
pricing page one month back Etc and they
have also looked at my G2 page which is
there now I create a totally different
kind of a Creator where like I put a G2
like where like we are the Spring
quarter momentum leaders Etc I can take
that creative and say like hey do you
want to check out
why 100 plus customers or 250 plus
customers use factors J and uh or
similar customers use factors. and this
thing and this is what it is and then
they can craft another campaign for them
that is they can create a list of
companies which do these three actions
create a list and then Target specific
ads for them third is like they can also
look at companies which have come from
Google search and not convert which is a
very very low hanging fruit which is for
example if you spend 100 clicks on
Google Search keywords which is like
let's say your competitor keyword your
alternative keyword or even your high
inent keywords barely four or five of
them convert what happens to the
remaining 95 clicks which you have paid
for because each click is like at least
$5 to $20 and nobody randomly searches
for a particular High intent keyword
sorry something like factors. a keyword
or factors. a competitor keyword name
keyword comes all the way to factors.
website and not convert so if we we will
be able to identify which companies are
these 9i companies and they have come
from which keyword now you create a
cohort list and then do a retargeting
campaign to them saying that hey we saw
you had shown some interest on our
website or this is what we do why do you
want to do it so that's a more of a lwh
hanging fruit for the marketer to then
go and convert similarly there can be so
many other slice and dices within this
for example there is a old Clos loss
which you identify from the CRM which is
totally closed loss or churn loss which
is that those companies are now coming
back and checking out your pricing page
so whatever reason they weren't able to
buy at that point in time or churned at
that point in time now they are coming
and showing interest on your pricing
page you go back to them with a totally
different campaign so what it helps is
like for marketers the actually the
equation becomes much bigger because he
fundamentally relishes to Target to
multiple people over multiple campaigns
and creators and channels and he can
create different kind of creators and
channels based on each and every
hypothesis he wants to build
on there's a lot of different ways you
could take that I'm sure like you
mentioned there as as you were going
through that it gave me some ideas yeah
and all this is based on all these
signals coming from mulp MP points
either there is a G2 signal or there is
a website signal or a Google ad signal
or there is a CRM signal whether the
account is churned or closed lost or mql
noow so many things demo noow accounts
you can push it into a different kind of
a sequence uh a kind of a close loss
account is a different sequence totally
new uh not in my ABM list but fits my
ICP criteria will be a totally different
sequence gotcha or like not in the uh
kind of geography which I serve but it's
a totally different geography but fits
my ICB criteria I can then start even
doing a different language uh kind of a
creative and then push it across so for
a marketer when he actually identifies
these signals and he has the ability to
create audiences or segments from all
these lists the options become like uh
one and many for him to actually then
start activating him and making sure at
a fundamental level he's targeting the
right set of accounts with the right
kind of messages and most importantly he
actually doesn't spend too much and he
not no spray and prey where like he just
takes the same set of accounts and runs
the same set of campaigns for each of
the segments of those accounts he can
set different campaigns to run and
convert better as he wants so his
marketing Roi improves and that's a huge
benefit for the
marketer yeah yeah yeah some nice
examples is this primary a LinkedIn ads
play from the marketing point of view or
is that email involved that you tend to
work in as well uh email SDR is there's
an email marketing play as so for
example old demo noo accounts or M ql
trial but after trial doesn't happen you
want to put it into an email play as
well it's like you had seen our demo or
you didn't see our demo you had signed
up in the past now we showing interest
back again do you want to just check out
for another demo please I'll send a
calendar so that you can book book a
time with us or you can also put it into
a ads sequence you can also use it push
it back into your Google ads retargeting
or you can push it back into your AVM
retargeting programmatic ads there like
you can say this set of accounts and
this cohort is what works for this thing
let me push it into my sixense to run
for them gotcha that's founder that's
marketing lastly give us a couple
examples further on on the salesperson's
point of view S Sales is something which
is where which becomes very exciting for
the sales guy because it's deal
acceleration at a fundamental level and
there can be two three use cases which
are there one is like I know an account
which let's say I'm totally a cold
outborn SDR which is there or like I'm a
full cycle e where like I have to
supposed to bring in and then convert
and I have so much time per day I can't
go after every single account which is
there in the market but I find this
account which I want to go after which
or which is part of my account list or
uh a territory list for me to go and
Target to this account has seen me on G2
competitor or alternative page and uh is
also uh seen my LinkedIn ad which my
marketing team has been running
consistent LinkedIn ads or always on
LinkedIn ads which is there and theyve
also visited my website once so I know
they are already brand aware if I do a
cold call to the buyer person out there
it's not going to be a totally like
unknown play it's not going to be like
who are you he's actually going to
recognized by brand and then talk so can
I do a cold call campaign to them or do
a cold email campaign to them or even a
LinkedIn sales s message so that I can
go and uh convert them that becomes a
huge superpower for the a because he
wants to get as many deals as possible
or as many demos as possible so he can
start nurturing them he doesn't want to
talk to everyone in the world and waste
his energy which is that's one thing
second workflow which actually happens
there is like as any sales guy he wants
to do more of strategic selling building
the business case why the ROI matters he
doesn't want to do the grunt work of
like identifying the account identifying
the buyer person within that account
getting their email idies and then
starting to send like a sequence of
emails and other the things some parts
of this can be really really automated
even the drify workflow or a sales SN
workflow which is that can be
automated with the product with the
account intellig plus a zapier or a
make.com kind of workflow you can
automate all these workflows which is
there so that the sales person actually
focuses on real selling and relationship
building rather than just kind of any
other kind of other thing third is also
is like even for existing deals I set up
a demo mql is also there I want to know
what he's actually interested which case
studies is he reading how much time he's
spending on pricing page how much time
is spending on my G2 page how much time
is spending on some other page so that I
will know what is the pitch I have to do
I will also know what's a intent it's
more like a hunting Instinct Builder so
for example you know someone who's
coming here having this thing you know
what kind of Arrow to use you know what
kind of fi you can say like we are the
most price efficient in the market or
you don't need to even talk about
pricing but you can talk about why you
are better than some other competitor or
you just want to take through a
particular case study where like a some
client used factors. as a product and
generated 20% extra pipeline in this
quarter so that you can build on a value
sell basis and then want to do that's
real intelligence and you'll also know
how many users from that particular
account are looking at your website and
other thing and that's some intelligence
which the salesperson can use that's one
way where like even another one where a
is use our productors a deal has an mql
and no deals closes within like 15 days
or 7 days it's like 45 days to a two-
Monon kind of life cycle they're on a
trial and other the same during the
trial process they come and check out
your pricing page they come and check
out a specific case study page when
something like that happens getting an
immediate slacked for the AE he'll know
like this company is on trial I know
it's a high intent lead it's let's say a
$15,000 ACV or a $20,000 ACV lead now
they are checking out my pricing page as
they're going through the trial let me
send a WhatsApp message or a LinkedIn
message to me like hey how's the trial
going is this something where we can
help with and if there is any kind of
discussions where we can go further
because he knows that he's on the
website he's looking at pricing page he
knows that they are actually intent
who's the person who's actually intent
on that particular page as well he will
know because it's an already a noon lead
which is there but he can nudge them to
add this is a deal acceleration so that
instead of the deal closing in 6 weeks
you can make them close in four weeks
which means for a sales person instead
of closing nine deals a year he can
actually close 12 to 13 deals a year
it's a huge benefit for just that lot of
use cases I like it one thing that
Springs to my entry is there's so we've
talked about how a Founder a marketer
and a salesperson could use signals when
it comes to to
B2B but how do you prioritize
and make sure that folks within your
organization aren't stepping on each
other's toes IE maybe the marketers like
doing a bunch of retargeting ads because
they're like we've got these Hot
Prospects that dropped off after Google
ads and didn't convert and then at the
same time the a is like no I'm just
going to give them a cold call and I'm
going to get them on for a demo but the
Market's like no then we need to serve
the MS first to warm them up a bit more
and build a bit more trust then they're
going to be ready for a call like what's
that balance is there one or is that
like more more judgment or how does that
work so one thing is like for everyone
has the customer journey in hand in real
time whether the salesperson when he's
going after a lead he's also going to
see that whether they are seeing that
ads whether they are seeing that email
or the call call the marketer also knows
like which are the companies where all
the ACT activities happen and it's a
realtime audience building so for the
marketer he will know like he will
create an audience based on only
companies that have done XY Z and not
reached out in other ways because he
gets the CRM data also in place in sync
he gets the G2 data also in sync he also
gets the website activity data on sying
and then only he builds an audience so
marketer is not going to generally show
ads to people who are already in
advanced stages of conversation
similarly the sales guy is also not
going to call someone else who hasn't
been actually shown multiple ads Beyond
a certain level which is there so the
signals and the counting which is fully
done as an analytics platform is
everything is very very clear that's
there the second part is to an extent in
marketing there's always a need of
multiple touch point and there is a
surround sound effect that is like if
the sales guy is trying to reach out to
an account and trying to talk to the
account if the same account has also has
had let's say a Instagram ad and also a
LinkedIn ad and also multiple let's say
emails or something of that sort it adds
to the surround Zone where like we get
on top of their mind so that it's kind
of in a sense like it's already very
good brand and solution aware where they
know what's getting so in a sense what
we call about in from a military
terminology is like sales team is more
like infantry trying to go and do very
specific targeting and talking to people
while the marketing gives the air cover
across multiple points so that they
actually be making it more easier for
them to sell better and that works much
better any appreciate the breakdown any
examples of how signal-based selling for
B2B compares to more traditional formats
I.E let's say just running single
channels be it LinkedIn lead genen
campaigns as a one-off channel Google
ads as a one-off channel um could be
organic search as one-off Channel and
then maybe likewise you've got your
sales team just doing cold hard outbound
to Target B2B accounts like is there use
cases where you've done this where you
are doing this as a strategy because
that's what your tool Works around but
compared to kind of I guess siloed
strategies like the amount of pipeline
there is to scoop up
examples so The Silo strategy it I mean
uh I have a view that Silo strategy is
going to be dead in the next couple of
years there's not going to be any Silo
strategy ABM doesn't follow a silo
strategy for BB marketing uh the
fundamental reason behind this is like
earlier one there weren't so many data
signals available in the first place so
you just had like email data was in a
silo sales happened in a certain silo
stitching that back into the marketing
data stitching that back into your
review data stitching that what the
customers are doing in multiple other
places was not available so for example
you had a g2s G2 crowd originally which
was just a review site which had reviews
they had a platform which sold reviews
so if I go and check out G2 reviews or
G2 other pages I wouldn't know at
all second is like what was happening on
LinkedIn which companies were viewing
your LinkedIn ads was totally unknown
LinkedIn didn't share that data you were
just able to see if anyone clicked and
then submitted the form form on LinkedIn
came back to your website with the email
ID and other the otherwise you wouldn't
know about it now you would be able to
see which companies are just seeing your
LinkedIn NS third the technology for in
terms of identifying which companies are
coming to your website anonymously that
wasn't fully developed there was a
little bit of ipd anonymization now we
have a far better data around that
fourth the whole email activity data
which is like and also the CRM active
data who's opening your emails who's
seeing your emails who's clicking on
those LS Etc was also a separate Silo
which is there now one there has been a
B2B is following b2c in terms of signals
from multiple points and fourth there is
also one more thing which is product
activity data which is like who are the
ones who are setting up a trial who are
the ones who are actually using your
premium product very well and other the
things so which is a product level event
data which is there that was also not
missing totally now we able to pull
together all the data seamlessly switch
them together as an entire buyer journey
and then create cohorts and other paths
out of it this is basically like a
matter of like one where you are able
to uh there are API available for you to
bring together the data there is an
analytics platforms where you can build
around this data and create cohorts and
segments now that's available second
part is even if you're able to do that
earlier times it used to be like maybe
100 accounts there 50 accounts there APM
marketing was generally more of an
Enterprise game which was there now as
more and more SAS companies play and
also the given the kind of competition
and the amount of data which is coming
in this more or less becomes more
similar to a b2c game where you you need
proper analytics and other tools you
need AI to actually identify signals
which matter score them and then build
around that build cohorts and audiences
around that so that becomes a very very
clear need and lastly as more
competition comes in as more generally
there'll be a lot of noise in front of
the customer you need to be on top of
the customer the sales game needs to be
Advanced it's something like instead of
fighting with BOS and arrows or on
camels you eventually get into lot of
artillery and you get into bombers and
other this thing it's an evolution of
the whole sales game so the wars remain
the same but it's more like you just
Advance the technology just makes you
far more advanced in terms of how you
want to run
it I like the analogies and I can get a
feel that as a Founder you're someone
that's been on the sales side so I speak
to a lot of marketers but a lot of
marketers haven't been on the the coal
harsh front of selling to other Founders
marketers and businesses but I get the
feeling that you've done all angles with
this I mean uh as any startup and other
the same Founders start with selling so
there is a and how you can do selling
better and this is one of our own
Journeys has come into understanding
signal based selling is from R1 journey
of how difficult it was to sell and how
difficult it was to feel the pain of
losing money in lot of marketing but not
able to make that output so for example
we were knowing our Google search ads
were hitting a good Target but we don't
know apart apart from the two or three
person who converted who are the rest of
the people who are showing intent on our
Google search because all Google
analytics will give us like number of
visitors from Paid search that's all who
are the visitors what were they doing
how much time they were spending can I
segment this and retarget them can I
segment this and call them up can I
segmen this and reach out to them that
was totally missing similarly we used to
spend a lot on LinkedIn ads and then we
became a LinkedIn partner LinkedIn was
able to give us like which companies
were exactly seen your LinkedIn ads how
many times they were seen and then we
were able to build the whole entire
journey to then go go back to companies
to say that or even R1 sales uh we
started dog footing R1 product to say
like okay these companies are doing XY Z
let me reach out to them and convert
them to sales these companies are doing
why and they're not aware of the other
parts let me actually reach out to them
this company which I'm talking to now or
already demo done a demo two weeks back
is now checking out my pricing pitch let
me reach out and convert them as soon as
possible all this became the signals
became more and more and it becomes
intoxic King Asel because now you know
like there are so much data available
there is also these signals let me
actually use these signals in terms of
kind of direct selling points as it say
so we've talked through a lot of the use
cases examples and
advantages but for anyone that wants to
start getting B2B signals rolling for
their SAS OR tech company can you
perhaps share a DIY example Shri of how
you could do this on a very basic level
if you just want to dip your toe in the
water and start using it and then a more
advanced example which I'm guessing is
using a tool like your own at factors so
at a very basic level if you want to
just get started with any uh uh kind of
signal based selling is like at a very
basic level you can just take any of the
vure identification tools which is
account deanonymization tools you have
clearit you have factors. you have lead
feeder you have a couple of others which
are there in the market which like you
just want to know which companies are
visiting your website let's say if I'm a
uh kind of early stage founder I have 10
or 15 design Partners I've just set up
my website Ive started writing some
blogs and other the things so I have
started getting little more than 600
2,000 visitors on a monthly basis that's
30 40 visitors on my monthly basis one
thing which safe for me to assume is
like nobody randomly visits my web page
if someone is coming in reading my blog
he's someone who has actually searched
for this kind of of a problem which is
cloud optimization or Cloud security or
pen testing any of the problems which
he's searching for he searched for my
blog Google has ranked it uh on a
certain list and then they are coming to
my website I need to know who's coming
in visiting my website so that's the
basic level of getting started with
signal based selling and second part is
like if you have an analytics and then
on top of that you can do a Google
analytics plus kind of hist
identification or general uh something
like an account level Analytics tool
like factors. to say like which of these
these companies are spending time on my
website who are the ones who are
spending more than 20 seconds who are
the ones who are spending more than a
minute who are the ones who are bouncing
off after two seconds so then you can
filter out like this company is now
scroll 70% on this blog and spend five 5
seconds and when something like that
happens the first level you can do is
like use something like slack Alor you
can either use make it happen with a
make.com or something or you can use a
tool also which gives free versions to
bring a slack alert whenever some
company which spends more than 10
seconds on your pricing page or your
blog gets alerted for you this is the
basic part of signal based selling that
is just using your website data which is
complete first party data I'm not asking
to link to any AD channels I'm not
asking companies to even start spending
on ads I'm not asking for any link to
CRM just website based intent how do you
convert your website based intent to
some form of sales signal then you know
which companies you want to reach out to
once you know which companies you want
to reach out you'll automatically know
that okay in these companies this is my
buyer Persona then I can reach out
either over LinkedIn or or I can reach
out over a cold email Etc that's
secondary but at a first level is using
a website level intent data which is one
way to get
started nice is there is B before you
ramp it up appreciate the breakdown is
before you ramp it up is there a
baseline of traffic that your website
should be getting roughly before you
look to do the
strategy I would say one more than a
baseline traffic at what stage is your
company is your company beyond the
design Partners stage I wouldn't say
product Market fit is your company at a
very basic level above the design
Partners stage that's thing because if
it is in
the uh design Partners stage you would
want to get only known and kind of
companies which are willing to invest
time with working with someone like you
to build the product but once it's above
the design partner stage you want to get
Anonymous customers and that's when you
yeah sorry when you say design partner
that
means yeah yeah when when you say design
partner Shri I've not heard of that term
actually before what does that mean so
design partner is like when uh you start
up and this thing your first 20
customers or your design
Partners h i see as in you're building
it for your customers building it for
your customers you're building it with
active feedback from your customers at a
product time which is at that point in
time you don't need any kind of intent
based selling but once you're past that
you have a certain amount of website
traffic which is at least more than
thousand per month which is 30 visitors
per day which is pretty less you have
couple of blogs explaining what your
product does you have an active working
website which is there you talk about
something like okay the problem and the
solution very very clearly in a very
clear articulate fashion saying that
this is the problem this is where this
is a solution this is where our product
comes very clearly if you're able to
articulate that then people will come
and read about it you're able to put
some case studies you're able to uh kind
of articulate your kind of the ROI or
the business use case of your product
very very clearly then there is organic
traffic which can come into your website
that's when you can get started with the
whole signal based selling in the first
place before that it's no signal based
selling it's more like uh do you have
this problem I'm trying to solve this
problem and also discover whether this
problem is important or not that kind of
I like it I like it and then I'm
guessing once you feel that you've
mastered that sort of thing so maybe
you're pushing the boundaries of this
perhaps DIY setup that you've got with
your own visitor visitor identification
then maybe uh you've got some tools that
are sending you notifications in slack
and then you're maybe trying to retarget
those folks with LinkedIn ads maybe
doing a bit of email Outreach once you
limit yeah when you start marketing at a
fundamental level that's when you see
like okay I can't just wait for organic
people to sign up or other thing I have
to start marketing I have to start
bidding on competitors I have to start
bidding on High intent keywords which is
Google search is the first start which
is there second is the LinkedIn that'ss
if you feel your audience is available
on LinkedIn how do I showcase to them
how do I create to them and other thing
that's where the thing and you also have
a proper CRM where like something like a
hub spot or something like this thing
where you not you have enough and more
clients where you want to move Beyond an
AR table list just
there cool man appreciate appreciate the
breakdown is there anything that we
haven't covered that you believe that
marketers tuning in should be be aware
of perhaps any problems or hurdles that
they might face anything else you feel
that that we should uh include before we
wrap things
up one thing which is very very highly
misunderstood is LinkedIn
ads uh LinkedIn heads have very low
conversion rates and most marketers
especially in B2B start running LinkedIn
ads and after some time uh they strongly
feel about LinkedIn AD should work
because uh LinkedIn is a proper B2B
social network whoever is there on ledin
is there to share notes about what he's
doing or more importantly showcase his
uh Professional Profile and also learn
from peers which is he's there for a B2B
notion he's not like it's not like
Instagram for him very very clearly and
so the audience is very clearly there on
uh LinkedIn LinkedIn was also more than
a 1 billion user community so it's like
1 billion plus professional Community
predominantly English speaking which is
there which is like a huge World almost
one six of the world which is there for
you there so LinkedIn ads obviously
works but the thing is or they know that
Their audience is there they want to
advertise it but when marketers approach
LinkedIn ads they try to compare it with
Google ads Google ads is a high search
intend ad you search for something and
you go and immediately click and then
you convert for a sign up so conversion
rates will be 2 to 3% LinkedIn ads
conversion rates are less than half a
perc or much worse than that that's one
point number one which marketers need to
accomodate to the second thing is people
see LinkedIn ads like how you see a
billboard ad you see a billboard of
iPhone 15 you don't buy immediately from
a billboard it's like okay this iPhone
15 billboard is good let me go back home
after a couple of weeks you feel your
iPhone 12 is not charging enough you
need to upgrade to an iPhone 15 then you
look for some offers or Bank discounts
or something like that on Amazon or
something do a Google Search and then
you go and convert the last click
attribution will be there for the Google
search but the initiator would have been
the billboard which is there same thing
happens in LinkedIn acts you see people
see LinkedIn ads they don't immediately
submit a form there maybe half a percent
or less than half a percent of them do
but remaining 99% of them would always
see that LinkedIn ad they would also
maybe sometimes later come organically
into your website or through a paid
search come to our website tracking this
is something which we can do now as
factors. because we are LinkedIn
marketing Partners but this is something
which most marketers don't realize they
see like okay LinkedIn ads they they
spend $5 to $110,000 on LinkedIn ads and
then they feel like okay LinkedIn ads
doesn't give enough conversions compared
to like Google ads so they stop spending
on LinkedIn ads until much later when
they uh figure out but LinkedIn actually
contributes a good amount of organic and
paid search visits and that's something
which gets missed
out which is very very clearly the last
thing which also happens on LinkedIn ads
is like how do you spread out the
campaign and how do you make the
campaign work for example like uh
LinkedIn being a social network it
optimizes for getting to the maximum
audience possible in the least amount of
time which is possible which is there
which means when you do let's say when
you Target 100 companies 10 to 20 of
those companies will end up seeing 80 to
90% of your ads so there is a parto
which happens there where like you might
end up showing lot of ads to one company
while very few ads to another company
which is there how do you spread it out
is a part of Science and how do you cap
the frequency how do you run the
campaigns correctly which is there which
gets generally Miss so companies will be
like spending $110,000 of which close to
$5,000 will be spent to one or two
companies and it's is a waste waste of
BU then they'll be complaining okay the
leads didn't come through it wouldn't
obviously come through if you if there
is so much exposure to one or two
companies and not for the rest of the
companies which is there so all these
nuances are there within LinkedIn ads
which is something which B2B marketers
are not aware and what happens because
of it they either spend too much on
Google search or they go and put a lot
of money into programmatic ads which is
there which is has its own issues around
fraud and publisher listing and other
this thing they miss out on the gold
mine which can be LinkedIn ads which if
done properly can result in lot of uh
results uh I mean lot of pipeline which
is there which
can yeah I I see that I agree I think
not that I'm I'm by far a LinkedIn ads
expert but we've had folks who I think
you know as well Justin Row from
impactable we''ve had him on the show
twice um so he he did a LinkedIn ads
masterclass and he came back to do a
LinkedIn thought leader ads Master Class
where you can push ads through the
through the personal profiles are you
guys doing that much pushing ads through
personal profiles are you sticking to
the company brand for ads at the moment
you know organic person personal profile
posts are also something which we are
trying but we tend to keep it more
organic than keep it as promoted uh we
are and while company profiles come
directly as ad but so Justin Ro and
quite a few others are now starting to
create this whole I mean it's happened
in the last 12 months if you actually
see the chronology where people B2B
marketers are waking up to how to use
LinkedIn ads better earlier it was more
of an Enterprise game others were using
it this thing now it's becoming a more
democratized game where like multiple
companies are starting to use LinkedIn
ads very very clearly and using multiple
the thing and Linkedin as a platform is
also listening to feedback where they
are making more and more options
available to marketers to start running
ads better and uh it's all for the good
where like it's a very good platform
which you can run on in multiple levels
uh which LinkedIn would be what Facebook
is for
b2c yeah
tree really appreciate the the breakdown
you clearly have a a solid knowledge on
all things speb signals but not just
that the the B2B buying Journey the
marketing side of things the selling
side of things so I appreciate you
sharing practical examples as well as
your own insights from growing your
business with us today so with that
please do tell us more about how
everyone tuning in can learn more from
yourself and how they can get in touch
for
factors uh one is like of course uh
factors today website is there we have
an academy and a YouTube channel uh very
clearly second is most importantly we
are fully active on LinkedIn so myself
and the whole founding team and our
sales team and others from our marketing
are very active on LinkedIn we believe
strongly around LinkedIn social selling
which is basically like putting up
putting ourselves in front of our
audience in LinkedIn asking for feedback
talking about our product talking about
the insights which we together talking
about our doubts and other thing very
very clearly so the best way to
immediately interact with us is through
our link profiles
so awesome man luxury really appreciate
the chat thanks for coming on the show
sure thanks a lot Sam really enjoyed
your conversation and it also helped me
articulate a lot of my points in a
structural way thanks a lot for that no
worries man got to give a big shout out
not just to factors but also Revenue
hero our partners for the show and a big
thank you to the audience and if you
want to join thousands of Legends
enjoying past episodes or to try out our
daily newsletter head over to Breaking
be bb.com and with that we should catch
you on the next one for more nobs B2B
tips to grow your business and grow your
Revenue cheers for tuning in thank you
thanks a lot
[Music]